Add note about stream transaction limits (#475)
arangodb/docs: 3.7/http/transaction-stream-transaction.md

transactions, for example from transactions that are abandoned by client 
applications due to programming errors or that were left over because client 
connections were interrupted.

> A given transaction needs to be used **serially**. No concurrent requests using the same transaction ID may be issues.
> The server can make some effort to serialize certain operations, however this will degrade the servers performance and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A given transaction needs to be used **serially**. No concurrent requests using the same transaction ID may be issued.
The server can make some effort to serialize certain operations, however this will degrade the server's performance and
```

> A given transaction needs to be used **serially**. No concurrent requests using the same transaction ID may be issued.
> The server can make some effort to serialize certain operations, however this will degrade the server's performance and
> may lead to sporadic errors with code '28' i.e. "locked".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A given transaction needs to be used **serially**. No concurrent requests using
the same transaction ID may be issued. The server can make some effort to
serialize certain operations, however this will degrade the server's performance
and may lead to sporadic errors with code `28` (locked).
```
